Ardani : We have found the app, manga id, have you seen it yet ?
Asyraf and Ridwan : Already
Ardani : What do you think about the problem on the app ?
Asyraf : I think, the first is appearance
Asyraf : The second, the profile doesn't exist
Asyraf : What do you think ridwan ?
Ridwan : In my opinion, this app has a manga theme. 
Ridwan : In this app, there is no genre menu
Ridwan : So, that user can easily find the genre they like
Ridwan : For example, the action genre
Ridwan : To make it easier for users because they are sorted
Ridwan : What do you think ardani ?
Ardani : In my opinion, the update feature and hot comic feature are switched
Ardani : And i think the hot comic and recommendation are better put together
Ardani : In the app there is a profile
Asyraf : In the app, the profile only has a login feature
Asyraf : In the profile, there is no edit profile feature
Asyraf : there is only a google account on the profile
Asyraf : when user want to edit a profile, user must change google account
Ridwan : does it mean, when user login and without login it's the same ?
Asyraf : ya, even without login, user can enter the app
Ridwan : means there is no difference ?
Ardani : like a guest
Ardani : but in the profile for what ? comment ?
Asyraf : there are no comment feature here
Asyraf : here, all comics are free, right ?
Asyraf : there is no payment too
Asyraf : so, user don't need a login feature
Ardani : some are paid, premium feature
Asyraf : what's the premium function ?
Ardani : so that there are no ads
Asyraf : seems like there are no ads
Ridwan : there are ads
Ridwan : in the detail, the display is too complicated
Ridwan : the display is not simple
Ridwan : all chapter must be put together
Ardani : so, do you think the chapter and explanation should be separated ?
Ridwan : ya, if it look like this, it's unsightly
Ardani : there is no time in this app
Asyraf : release time, huh ?
Ardani : ya, in my opinion, that's the most important thing
Ardani : so, you know what updates are available today
Ardani : is there anything else ?
Ridwan : what have we discussed earlier ? genre ?
Ardani : genre, display, profile
Ardani : the setting feature is better replaced by a profile
Ardani : have you logged in yet ?
Ridwan : the hot comic and recommendation are better put together ?
Ardani : ya
Asyraf : or one of it's features is removed
Ardani : time
Ridwan : time and the update view that was raised is not the recommendation view
Ridwan : do you think when we press privacy policy in the app and redirect us to a website
Ridwan : which is better, redirect to the app itself or exit the app ?
Ardani : it looks like it better points to the app itself
Ridwan : just to make it more comfortable, so that user don't leave the app while using the app
Ardani : it looks like the privacy policy is just a link, it has been made from early
Ridwan : so, developer just sent the link to the app ?
Ardani : in the app is just a link
Ardani : but if developer want to put it in the app can too, to make it easier for the user
Ardani : is there anything else ?
Ridwan : that's all in my opinion
Ardani : is there anything else ?
Asyraf : that's all in my opinion too